The Joe Rogan experience.
I know that the,
the heart was flown in and I actually,
you know,
my,
my wife baby crazy is that it's something,
it took a hard on someone's body and they put it on ice and we actually see as
video the ice,
you know,
be going into the room and then the ice chest come following right afterwards.
Yeah.
That's so crazy.
It is crazy.
It's,
I mean it's,
when I was a kid,
uh,
it would be like doctor Frankenstein,
you know,
they didn't start doing it to 68 and I was born in 59 so you know why they did
heart transplants in [inaudible] 68.
Yeah,
one,
yeah,
1963 in a long time.
But uh,
when I,
when I was a kid would have been like Dr. Frank started be telling me something
like that was possible.
I would say,
Oh hell no.
You're crazy.
You're just making it up with science fiction.
But it most,
it most certainly is possible.
Well,
do you think they're going to be able to grow your own heart?
Yeah.
They're working on that right now.
Growing your own heart with stem cells.
Yeah.
And I,
and you know it's gonna happen,
which is crazy.
Yeah.
It is going to happen.
I have no doubt.
Yeah.
They've already grew a woman's bladder.
The woman had bladder cancer and they grew her a new bladder.
Wow.
Replaced her bladder.
Yep.
So the hearts coming.
Yeah.
It's coming,
man.
Yeah.
They're already working on the,
I think they're three d.
See if he can find a Jamie.
They're three d printing a human heart,
and they think that they're going to be able to get to a point where they have a
working model of a human heart like wow.
And put your heart in your body.
A freshie.
Wow.
A new one,
which is just so crazy.
That is crazy.
Yeah.
And how about for people who are amputees and things along those lines and be
able to replace limbs with your own limb?
Actually grow you a limb in the back.
Here it is.
The first three d printed heart made up of living human cells.
Yeah.
Yeah,
man.
Thank God there's people smarter than us.
Oh yeah.
That is a heart made by universities.
Uh,
Tel Aviv University.
Wow.
Heart,
the size of a rabbit marks the first time and attire heart has been three d
printed.
So that's a tiny one right now.
But complete with living cells,
blood vessels,
ventricles and chambers intact.
Incredible,
incredible.
Mini heart can contract,
but he can't yet pump out blood.
So they're working on all those different variables,
I guess.
But man in that incredible looking at doing it with a three d printing machine,
like three d printing machines freaked me the fuck out.
Like then that's the future.
They're gonna be able to make things.
Yep.
Look at that.
Look how that works.
If you folks who haven't seen this,
uh,
this is,
what the future is on cnet.com.
You can Google it and just the video of them actually creating this,
it is unbelievably fascinating.
[inaudible].